The best intellectual property 

to join the ronin community is here

I'm talking about Kaidro: the awakening 

by Peggy Chung and Robert Simons 

Its NFT collection sold out 

within minutes of launch

At one point it was the most traded NFT in the Mavis market

and continues to be in the top 5

What is this project? Why is it good?

Meet its creators, NFT collection

And the entire IP, coming up next

Kaidro the awakening is 

a one of a kind intellectual property

That has three components

a comic, a game

and an animated series

Now all these are meant

to take its consumers 

on a fully immersive experience

across an ever-expanding universe

The lore is set on the beautiful world of T'aljor

It is shrouded in the mists of ancient magic

 and technological wonders.

In this world, Gaia is the deity and there are 2 races. 

 
The Trakarians and K'ailantians. 

The K'ailantians: are revered for their 

innate connection to astral powers, 

granting them unparalleled abilities to manipulate the forces of the cosmos.

They are like guardians of ancient wisdom

and custodians of  spiritual balance within T'aljor.

In contrast, the Trakarians have dedicated themselves to the

  pursuit of knowledge and technological innovation.

They themselves do not have inherent magical abilities

Trakarians compensate with war machines and mech suits. 

We know that a lot of conflict arises from the Trakarians  

driving the K'ailantians out and mining 

Kalodium  the world resource.  

There exists a special lineage of K'ailantians known as the Kaidros. 

It translates literally to source bearer. 

One who can harness the raw power

 and energy of the astral realm. 

They are 10x more powerful than the average K'ailantian.

In the comics and animation 

We follow the story of Ava a young kaidro

as she discovers her identity and her powers. 

It’s a fun, and relatable

. You can read it now on webtoons

 (the link in the description)

 If you are one of the 90s kids who grew up with gundam wing

evangelion and

 all those games that have mechs in them

Then

 this intellectual property is for you

more on that later for now let's meet the team behind the project

One of the key indicators of a successful NFT

are its creators, their trustworthiness, 

their experience, skill

All of these increase investor confidence 

in the project

Well it all started with Peggy Chung and Robert Simons

They hail from the Art Center College of Design, 

it is one the best graphic designs schools in the US. 

 
Robert continued his work in cinema working 

with director Michael Bay on Transformers

Peggy worked with Guillermo Del Toro 
 

on “Pacific Rim”. 

they realized that there was a demand 

for top-tier designers in the field so.. 

they established Gadgetbot productions  

in 2011

 
They do Character concept art, 

Environment concept art

 
Esports weapons concept art

3D Game assets - characters and weapons

 
Films production and development

 
Games development

 
Animation production and development

They’ve worked with big titles in the gaming industry. 

 And these are just some of the projects they’ve worked on

Call of duty, Apex Legends, Borderlands

The list goes on and on

These guys are not only professionals in the 

field of graphic design but they are 

also professional storytellers and that's what

makes me bullish about this project

Trust me I think they are the most qualified

 to create NFTs in this space.

Access to experiences is what gives 

NFT utility and value

Their ability to create quality experiences is what 

will keep the economy 

alive and would

 prevent people from

cashing out the token every time

 they extract it from the IP

The team has taken us on a wild journey

giving us airdrops, 

giving us early access

first access to everything

the comic, the game

the animated series

They've been shipping non stop

and if this is a preview of

things to come then I'm all in

There are currently 2 NFTs

The journal and the sparksuits

The journal you can mint for free. 

It’s meant to be a low cost, basic entry  point 

to the entire IP. You mint it.

 you enter the website 

There you can read the entire comics

participate in events

and interact with the entire intellectual property (IP)

It's like their very own xbox live

Then there are sparksuits

This NFT acts as a premium access to the entire IP. 
 

It will give you access to airdrops of future 

whitelists. Early access to everything 

Kaidro.

Let's talk more about sparksuits

Charged

Particle

Manipulation

Exo-Suits

aka sparksuits

These are 9,999 limited 1st edition

NFTs produced by Gadgetbot productions

There are 3 chassis types (light, 

 
medium and heavy. There are 4 tiers.

 The higher the tier the rarer the NFT

 
Each mech has 11 parts. 

and every part has different tiers.

You also have additional traits,

 some of which are rare than others

color, emissive color, animation, graphics

All of these were combined to produce 

truly unique Mechs. 

I mean these NFTs are glorious. 

This is what your NFT will look like in the marketplace,

and this is what it looks like in-game

it's amazing!

The beauty of the NFTs are a testament

to Gadgetbots productions' craftmanship

and skill

Now let's talk utility

As of now we do not have a roadmap yet.

 All we have in paper are those stated in the mavis market

 and ronin article.

 They did however, deliver on what they promised so far.

 little more than 2 months into the mint 

and already we’re being airdropped our first NFT. 

The spirit Guadrians. 

The spirit guardians are an essential part of the lore. 

And you get to be given your own 

just by owning a sparksuit

Other benefits include

Being in a discord channel with all the other sparksuit holders

interacting with none other than

 Peggy and Robert themselves

thing I love most about being in that discord channel 

 are Robert’s leaks. He leaks the most insane things

 about what they’re developing and recently 

he’s been doing it on a regular basis and 

it feels like a thrill ride every time 

These leaks most importantly give you a chance

 to preempt the market and make 

 financial decisions about your NFTs. 

We have reason to believe that there will be 

 future NFTs like pilots, ships,

 plots 

it’s all very exciting, lastly

but most importantly. it will give you a chance

to earn the token $KDR

How exactly we don't know yet

But I do know it will be exclusive 

to NFT holders 

As for use cases we have to standby for more info

All we know it that it will be used

to acquire future NFTs

Honestly, I've been a sparksuit owner for a little more

than 2 months and it overall

does feel like a premium experience

Now let's talk about the game

It is a PvPvE isometric shooter

that is a multiplayer online battle arena 

You start as a team of 3 and battle 

2 other teams for points

You get points by killing each other 

and other VOID entities. There is a big

 boss in the middle and 

killing him gives the most points. 

There’s not a lot to say as of now 

Because we are still in the alpha phase 

But what I can say is that it is really fun 

It's really and competitive. I also like

That the game is free to play

it's not gated by the NFT

meaning you can download it 

and play even without having an NFT

The NFT acts purely as a skin in-game. 

It does not give any advantage

extra stats or anything like that

I personally prefer it to be that way, 

because nobody likes a pay to win game.

When you look at games that have done so well over

 the past decade it’s the games that are free to play games  

that are skill-based. you have DOTA, 

Counter-Strike or Valorant

Make a game pay to win and it dies. 

It was leaked to us that the game will also have a PVE

 mode very much like  diablo. 

Where you just have wholesome fun with friends

going on missions together in a

casual, non-competitive way

What's unique about it is that the events/activities

quests in game will

 also be part of the lore

For one It is called clan battles precisely because 

there are four clans within T’aljor

Grimbone, Bubblegum violence

Emerald hand, and Free wrist clan. 

Owning a sparksuit of a clan 

has now become a way for you to participate

in the lore. I am personally proud to be part of the 

best clan in T'aljor. Grimbone

I  have been in the web3 space

 since 2020 and I have seen quite a few 

intellectual properties (IPs). None of them

come close to Kaidro in terms of

providing a fully immersive  experience 

for their consumers. 

The overall quality of the art, the depth of the

 lore is just unparalleled

 in my opinion. 

Nothing comes close.

The experience so far has been so good and

 immersive that I find myself caring

 less and less about the play to earn 

aspect and just fully immersed 

in the world of T’aljor. That’s good  

because I think that’s what makes the NFT project 

sustainable. When people go into an intellectual property

 and buy

 the NFTs because

 they want the premium access

 to the experiences they provide. 

That is what it’s all about. 

We hear Jihoz talking about how each axie

 should be a gateway to

 unlimited experiences. 

that's why it's called axie infinity

Well, Kaidro is already there,

 maybe just a few steps away. 

That’s all I have in this video. If you 

liked this content and want more, 

hit the like button and subscribe. 

And comment down below what you 

want to see next